#753 other title improvements (#1050)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/monitoring-v2-configuration/examples.md

### ServiceMonitor

See the official prometheus-operator GitHub repo for an example [ServiceMonitor](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/example/prometheus-operator-crd/monitoring.coreos.com_servicemonitors.yaml) YAML.

### PodMonitor

See the [Prometheus Operator documentation](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/user-guides/getting-started/#using-podmonitors) for an example PodMonitor and an example Prometheus resource that refers to a PodMonitor.

### PrometheusRule

A PrometheusRule contains the alerting and recording rules that you would usually place in a [Prometheus rule file](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/).

For a more fine-grained approach, the `ruleSelector` field on a Prometheus resource can select which PrometheusRules should be loaded onto Prometheus, based on the labels attached to the PrometheusRules resources.

See the [Prometheus Operator documentation](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/user-guides/alerting/) for an example PrometheusRule.

### Alertmanager Config

> See the Rancher docs page on Recievers for an example [Alertmanager config](./receivers.md#example-alertmanager-configs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the Rancher docs page on Receivers for an example [Alertmanager config](./receivers.md#example-alertmanager-configs).
```

### ServiceMonitor

See the official prometheus-operator Github for an example [ServiceMonitor](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/example/prometheus-operator-crd/monitoring.coreos.com_servicemonitors.yaml) YAML.

### PodMonitor

> See the official prometheus-operator Github for an example [PodMonitor](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/example/user-guides/getting-started/example-app-pod-monitor.yaml) YAML.
> 
> Refer to the official prometheus-operator Github for an [example Prometheus resource](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/example/user-guides/getting-started/prometheus-pod-monitor.yaml) that refers to a PodMonitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Prometheus Operator documentation](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/user-guides/getting-started/#using-podmonitors) for an example PodMonitor and an example Prometheus resource that refers to a PodMonitor.
```

- It seems unnecessary to have the "see/refer to the official PO..." phrasing twice in the same section when they both point to the same reference site.
- Not sure if they existed at the time, but there are now corresponding docs for the links used.

### PrometheusRule

A PrometheusRule contains the alerting and recording rules that you would usually place in a [Prometheus rule file](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/).

For a more fine-grained approach, the `ruleSelector` field on a Prometheus resource can select which PrometheusRules should be loaded onto Prometheus, based on the labels attached to the PrometheusRules resources.

> See the official prometheus-operator Github for an example [PrometheusRule](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/master/Documentation/user-guides/alerting.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Prometheus Operator documentation](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/user-guides/alerting/) for an example PrometheusRule.
```
